The Hollywood
Reservoir has burst.
spilling thousands
of gallons of water
into the Hollywood
Hills neighborhood.
Many homes.
businesses. and roads
have been destroyed
from the path of the water.
It's unclear what
the death count is.
but from early estimates...
Emergency workers
will be spread thin.
especially now during
a worldwide pandemic.
Residents are urged
not to enter the
Hollywood Hills area.
as it is extremely
dangerous and unstable.
This might be your
dumbest idea yet.
We should be on the
road headed home.
not lost in the hills.
We're not lost.
We're almost there.
Albuquerque is downhill.
And about 12 hours east.
Come on!
We can't leave
without taking a picture
in front of the Hollywood sign.
Exactly. It's iconic.
It's trespassing. We
shouldn't even be up here.
Dude. it'll be cool. all
right? We'll scale the hillside.
we'll get up close to the sign.
we'll take some awesome
pictures. then head home.
We're never making it
back to Albuquerque tonight.
Hold up.
I am not dressed
to scale anything.
I thought we were just going
on a walk. You never said...
You're fine. It's
not even that steep.
For you. maybe.
You always do this.
Make plans without
checking in with me first.
You love to spring stuff on me.
- I do not!
- You do.
Like when you let her move
in. Didn't check with me first.
- Hey.
- Okay.
We are in the middle
of a pandemic. Dylan.
What was I supposed to do?
Face Time. Zoom.
Blue Jeans. Webex. Skype.
I thought you liked
having me around.
You said we were
the quaran-team.
Look. There it is.
This view is amazing.
Makes it all
worth it. doesn't it?
Not really.
Buzzkill. dude.
That was the whole
point of this road trip.
Fun together.
We've been together for months.
You know what. I
I think I need some alone time.
I wanna go back to the car.
What is with all
the helicopters?
It's LA. There are
always helicopters.
No. it's something else.
Come on. Let's just
take these photos
- and head back.
- Okay.
- What's happening?
- Is that an earthquake?
The sign.
Is it moving?
Moving!
My God. it's coming down!
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Sylvia.
Sylvia. can you hear me?
I'm here.
Are you all right?
- No.
- Me. either.
But we're alive.
Now we just gotta
find our way outta here.
This is why I don't
leave the house.
Bad things happen.
I'm pretty sure this
bad thing happened
while we were still
inside the house.
But guess what?
You survived.
What do we do now?
Do you have a cell phone?
Not in years. Don't you?
In my patrol car.
Lost my radio in the fall.
You see that daylight up there?
There's gonna be plenty
of copters in the sky.
Let's just climb out
to signal for help.
- I don't think I'm that brave.
- I don't need you to be brave.
I just need you to trust me
and put one foot
in front of the other.
We're gonna get
outta here together.
Are you with me?
Okay.
- Come on.
- Whoa!
All of the water from the
dam caused more damage
than just flooding
and mudslides.
It quickly eroded the
bottom of the hill. and then...
Brought the whole hill down.
Most of the damage is
concentrated east of the dam.
Exposed gas lines.
unstable structures. and mud.
- Lots of it.
- Any casualties?
Two tagged so far. but
there's bound to be more.
LAPD was evacuating residents
when the hill came down.
Might not have gotten
them all out in time.
Have any officers checked
in with Mobile Command?
Not that I've seen.
but it's still golden hour.
It's our best chance
to find survivors.
After that...
It becomes a recovery operation.
Should we be worried about
more of that hill coming down?
Yeah. we work
quick. we work safe.
we hope for the best.
Where do you want us?
The Hollywood sign.
Where's the rest of it?
Downhill.
About where the H
landed just west of here.
There were some
hikers in the area.
Guess they should
have bought a vowel.
Okay. Hen. Eddie.
you're with me at the sign.
Chimney. Buck. you stay here
and help search for survivors.
That's punishment for bad jokes.
Not bad jokes. Dad jokes.
Getting in the habit early.
I know. I'm gonna
be a terrible father.
No. you're not listening!
Hollywood Boulevard is closed.
Officials ask if you are
a resident in the area
or looking for a resident...
That's my mom's patrol car.
Are you sure?
I may have used the CAD
to check on her before.
Can you try her over the radio?
We would usually
wait for the officer
to radio dispatch if
they need some help.
We'll make an
exception this time.
727-L-30. what's your status?
727-L-30. do you copy?
What is your status?
It's probably chaos out there.
You shouldn't assume the worst.
She isn't even supposed
to be out in the field.
She's on desk duty.
You know. my first
day on the phones.
a 7.1 earthquake hit.
If I can make it
through that day.
you can make it
through this one.
I promise.
I'll give you the same
advice Josh gave me.
We all have people
we love out there.
Best thing we can
do for them is our job.
9-1-1. What's your emergency?
You've reached
Athena Grant-Nash.
Damn it. Mom.
LAFD!
Anybody out here?
Buck. Over there.
LAFD. can you hear me?
I'm on him.
I'm not getting anything.
All right. Mark it.
Keep on moving.
Like the chief said.
bound to be others.
LAFD!
- LAFD!
- Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa.
Do you hear that?
Sounds like a baby.
- Definitely a baby.
- Over there.
- It's under here.
- All right. I got this.
Under there.
It's a baby monitor.
So where's the baby?
It's four stories tall.
Shouldn't we be able
to see it by now. Cap?
Maybe it landed further west.
This isn't the first time the
Hollywood sign has fallen.
Legend has it. back in the
day. a groundskeeper got drunk
and crashed his car into it.
Knocked down the H.
And how do you know that?
Yeah. when I first moved here.
I wanted to know
more about the area.
I took one of those tours.
It was very informative.
- Help!
I'm l'm stuck.
Stay right where you are. LAFD.
We will come to you.
That mud's too thick.
We need plywood.
Dispatch. this is
Captain Nash. 118.
We are in the hills west
of Mobile Command
working on the mudslide.
We need a supply
drop of plywood ASAP.
Copy that. Captain.
Do you have a
landmark for the pilots?
Yeah.
So we have the receiver.
Baby must be
near the transmitter.
Too bad we can't just ping
it or something. you know.
like. Find My Phone.
Yeah. I don't
think that's a thing.
Yeah. well. it should be.
Well. maybe you'll invent it
for when I misplace my kid.
You know it's gonna happen.
I lose my phone at
least three times a week.
I'm gonna call for backup.
We need more people
out here searching.
Do we know which channel
Mobile Command is on?
Not that one.
Wait. ggo back.
Mudslide knocked out the
power on the cell service.
There shouldn't
be any interference.
So what's causing that feedback?
It's a battery-operated
baby monitor.
So what if we
follow that feedback?
Where it's loudest is probably
where the transmitter is.
And the baby.
- Find My Baby.
- Exactly.
You know. I only heard
a baby. not an adult.
Before. when we
heard the crying.
Yeah. parents could be
unconscious or. you know...
Dead?
Poor kid might be an orphan.
Or maybe they
just got separated.
Well. you really do always go
worst-case scenario. don't you?
Is that judgement I'm detecting?
Yes. You know. itit is.
Because you are having
a kid with my sister.
but you're living on my couch.
To protect her.
And your niece or nephew.
Maybe you missed it.
but the whole world's
taken an unexpected turn
to crazy town.
I'm just trying to
keep them safe until...
Until what?
Until the world
goes back to normal?
Well. what if it never does?
Then I'll be a crappy dad
over videoconferencing.
That's actually something
I got experience with.
Chimney. you're
not giving yourself
enough credit. okay?
You’re you’re gonna
be a great dad.
I have zero evidence
to support that theory.
But you take care
of total strangers
every single day.
Hey. hey. hey!
This has gotta be it.
So how do we get inside?
Chimney.
What?
No. the chimney.
Just a little higher.
You make it sound so easy.
I'll be damned.
Maybe our luck
is turning around.
Dispatch. this is 727-L-30.
I'm trapped in an
unstable structure
in the Hollywood Hills.
We got caught in the slide.
Do you copy?
Well. it was 1415
Ledgewood Drive.
Not sure where we landed.
Is that my mom?
But it looks like
your patrol car
is still in the area.
You're just south of
it. Anyone injured?
Some bumps and bruises.
We're gonna keep
climbing toward the daylight.
We sure could
use a lift outta here.
Copy that. Units
are in the area.
but the mud's slowing them down.
We'll get you that ride
home as soon as we can.
Well. can't you
put a rush on it?
Tell them an officer's
in distress or something?
I already did. Right there.
Cavalry's on the way.
Let's keep moving.
That can't be good.
Dispatch!
This thing isn't gonna
hold much longer.
We need that rescue now.
Sylvia!
My God. Mom!
727-L-30. do you copy?
Come in. 727-L-30. Do you copy?
Don't move. That mud is
liquid. It'll suck you right in.
Yeah. Tell me about it.
Okay. try to relax.
- What's your name?
- Dylan.
Okay. Dylan.
everything's gonna be fine.
We're gonna get you outta here.
BP's slightly elevated.
and his breathing's
a little shallow.
Is that normal?
Given the situation.
yes. But not ideal.
All right. that mud
has probably started
- to restrict his lungs.
- My God.
- I'm gonna die.
- You're not gonna die.
I should have known.
I should've never
taken this trip.
2020 has been a dumpster fire.
Why should this
be any different?
You're acting like I
forced you to come.
I was just trying to be
nice and include you.
We're roommates.
No. me and Caleb are roommates.
You came over for
dinner and never left.
Okay. stop moving.
Every time you do. that mud
is gonna pull you in deeper.
Stay still and keep your
hands above the surface.
I justl feel like
I'm gonna drown.
You can't drown in quicksand.
Human body's too dense.
But the more you struggle
I'm stuck!
Andandand sinking!
God. God. okay. Can you help me?
Can't we just pull him out?
Not unless you
wanna rip him in half.
We need to put something
in there to support him.
You think the pipe
poles would work?
No. too short.
The H. Maybe we
can use some of that.
Let's do this.
Okay. Okay.
I need to say something.
Just in case I don't make it.
I'm sorry.
I know that I've
been kind of an ass.
Kind of?
Dylan. it's fine.
We've all been
under a lot of stress.
Just listen to what they say
so they can get
you out of there.
I love you.
I love you too. bud.
Go quaran-team.
I'm in love with you.
- Son of a...
- Have been since lock down.
And the plot thickens.
But you've been
a total jerk to me.
You've acted like me
living with you guys
has been torture.
Because it has!
I mean. don't you see?
The three of us
living under one roof.
you two kissing and
canoodling. it was killing me.
Cap. you wanna
hurry that up. please?
All right. you got it?
But you never...
- Okay. Dylan. I...
- I know.
I know that you don't
feel the same way.
I justl didn't wanna
die without telling you.
Okay. II can't breathe.
Gotta move fast.
Pressure from this mud is
gonna collapse his lungs.
Stop moving around.
II love you too. Dylan.
What?
So you stay still.
Don't give up. Live.
For me. Okay?
Ok okay.
Okay. Dylan. I need
you to lean back
as far as you can like you're
- sitting in a chair. okay?
- Okay.
That is gonna distribute
your weight more evenly.
Move slowly. Your
leg should start to rise.
Now just lean back.
Get a little leverage.
Keep leaning back.
Yeah. it's working.
I'm gonna live!
And then I'm gonna kill you.
Caleb. I am so sorry.
- I just...
- You're in love with Dylan?
I thought he was gonna die.
I was moved by his passion.
I thought I should say it back.
So you didn't mean it.
But she was sure
quick to say it.
2020 is a dumpster fire.
Okay. here's your ride.
I don't suppose I could
catch the next flight?
Go. quaran-team.
Okay. when you get
to the bottom. I'll
drop the medical bag
and tools down to you.
Copy that.
In the future. if anybody asks.
this is how I got my name.
I feel like such a cliché.
Buck. I'm in.
Come on. wake up.
Thank God.
Buck. I got 'im.
Can't be any more
than a few days old.
not a scratch on him.
Found the mother. too. deceased.
Looks like blunt force
trauma to the head.
I'll notify Mobile
Command. Tag the house.
All right. let's get
you two outta there.
Copy...
Help. we're locked in!
Stand back!
My baby. where is he?
What did she do to him?
It's okay. Calm down.
- Your baby?
- She took him.
She told me he
wasn't mine anymore.
- Who took him?
- Carol.
She tricked us into
giving up our baby.
She took him from me.
- You're the mother.
- Yes.
Do you know where he is?
What happened?
We felt the earthquake.
but we couldn't get out.
The mudslide. Half
the hill came down.
She locked you in here?
- Carol?
- Yes.
Where is she?
Carol didn't make it.
Feeling less bad about that.
Is anyone injured?
I heard screaming.
That was me.
I'm in labor.
Of course.
Buck. we're gonna need
reinforcements down here.
Fast.
Sylvia!
Where are you?
Answer me!
I see you.
I'm coming down to you.
- Sergeant.
- I'm here.
I'm here.
Can you move?
Barely.
This thing is crushing me.
It hurts.
You don't think
anything's broken?
Maybe a couple of bruised ribs.
How's your breathing?
I'm getting oxygen.
- if that's what you're asking.
- Okay.
Let's get this off of you.
Okay.
Dispatch. this is 727-L-30.
I'm gonna need an
ETA on those units.
- Thank God she's okay.
- All units have been notified.
They are trying to locate
you as quickly as possible.
It might not be quick enough.
The structure shifted.
and we just slid several feet.
Don't have much time.
You go.
You save yourself.
Mom. listen to her.
Get out of there
before you both die.
Dispatch. I appreciate
your concern.
but I have a job to
do and I'm doing it.
If you wanna help.
get that rescue down here now.
Rescue's on the way. Sergeant.
You should go take a break.
You're pulling
me from the floor?
Yes. I am. You're done.
From what the women are saying.
it sounds like some kind
of illegal adoption ring.
They get lured in by
being promised help
and then coerced to
give up their babies.
The deceased we found.
she was selling them.
- How many women are down there?
- Four.
One in active labor
and one infant.
Clearing the roof
now for extraction.
Sounds like your guys
have a handle on things.
I'll notify LAPD.
They'll want to talk
to these women.
There's something else
I'd like to brief you on.
What is it?
Skylight's all dug out.
so let's do this like a relay.
I go in. get 'em in the harness.
- send 'em up to you and Hen.
- Copy that. Ready?
Yeah.
All right. clear back!
Give that to Chim.
Copy.
You go. just stay
back. You're okay.
Keep breathing. That's it.
- Chim. Chim. I'm here.
- Thanks.
How we doing back here?
Close. but no baby yet.
Okay. circle back once
we get everyone else out.
Copy that.
You are doing so good. Amber.
I can't believe I'm
having a kid down here.
Alone.
What about the father?
He doesn't know.
I didn't tell him.
He. wasn't a good guy.
I'm sorry.
That how you ended up here?
Yeah. I didn't have anybody.
No one?
My parents kicked me out.
I had nowhere to go.
Then I met Carol.
and she made it seem
like this was the best option.
My only option.
And she promised me that
I wouldn't be doing
this by myself.
and that my baby
would be better off.
And I believed her.
I was an idiot.
No. no. no. no.
You were scared.
We don't always
make the best decisions
when we're operating
out of fear. right?
We're gonna get you out of here.
How?
It's too heavy. You're
wasting your time.
If I could just find something
and use it as leverage
to lift it off of you.
Bingo.
The longer you stay.
there's a chance neither of us
is getting out of here.
Go and get help. You
can come back for me.
I'm not leaving you.
We're in this together.
and neither one of us is dying.
Not here. Not today.
I feel like I'm
afraid all the time.
I'm gonna be a terrible mother.
You know. I heard 90%
of being a good parent
is just showing up.
You've already got
that part covered.
Do you have kids?
Not yet.
My girlfriend's
pregnant. Our first.
You're lucky.
You don't know how many times
I wished I had
someone there with me.
All those firsts.
The ultrasounds and when
the baby started moving.
And then kicking.
Just to be able to reach out
and have someone take my hand.
I was so lonely.
I guess that's how I
ended up here. right?
Thinking that I would feel safer
with someone by my side.
I was so wrong.
Hey.
You are about to have
someone by your side
for the rest of your life.
Yeah.
I guess I am.
You have kids. right?
Family? I have nobody.
No one's gonna miss me
if I go down with this thing.
You have people
to go home to. Go.
I deserve this.
You think you deserve
to die alone in the dark
just because you
lived your life alone?
I deserve it 'cause I
never should've survived
in the first place.
It was a car accident.
I was driving.
My sister was in
the passenger seat.
Another car came
out of nowhere. and.
I survived and my sister didn't.
I'm sorry.
Afterwards. everyone told
me I should get back out there
and move on with my life.
but without my sister
in the world. I just...
Just wanted to be in it less.
Eventually. I just
stopped going out at all.
You gave up on yourself.
On life.
Wouldn't you?
Of course you wouldn't.
You're not a weak person.
No!
When I said I was
injured in the line of duty.
I was attacked.
I was looking for a suspect. but
he found me first.
I've never felt more weak.
More powerless in my life.
Your trouble wasn't your fault.
No. but I still blamed myself.
Walked into that building alone.
Just like you blame
yourself for driving.
It's that guilt that
you've been carrying.
It doesn't help; It
only isolates you.
But I couldn't save my sister.
But you could
still save yourself.
You can push through the fear
and the pain and come
out on the other side.
Okay. breathe through it.
Breathe through
it. You got this.
You can do this. You got it.
I can't do it! I can't!
No. I can't do it!
No. you can do this.
This baby is coming.
Not here. no. not now. I can't.
Amber. you can do this.
I can't.
I can't do this by myself.
You don't have to. okay?
We're in this together.
I'm here. I'm right here. okay?
It hurts.
But you can do it.
You can do it.
Now lift and push.
Push through the
pain. You've got to.
It's the only way.
You ready?
Okay.
One. two. three.
Push!
Here we go. with me.
One. two. push.
Here you go. Amber.
Now. push!
Push! Push!
- That's it!
- Push!
That's it!
We got it!
She's here.
Your beautiful
baby girl is here.
Is she okay?
She's perfect.
How you feeling?
Like I'm ready to get
the hell outta here.
Thank you for not leaving me.
Okay.
Our part's not over.
We still gotta climb outta here.
Well. then. we
better get moving.
Ready to move?
Atta girl.
Any word on my mom?
Rescue units are
looking. They'll find her.
I'm sorry. I just.
I was trying to save my mom.
I know.
But you only made
the situation worse.
Look. when we
are on those calls.
we're someone else's lifeline.
Our voices. it's the only thing
that they have to hang onto.
So we don't get to panic.
no matter who is on
the other end of that line.
It won't happen again.
Good.
'Cause we need
you back out there.
Watch your step.
Amber!
What are you still doing here?
II thought they
would've taken you
to the hospital by now.
I couldn't leave without you.
Another transport's on the way.
Good job. Chim.
You must feel pretty good?
Yeah. How was the practice run?
Great.
In all fairness. I
didn't have to do a lot.
Just kinda catch.
Yeah. and he doesn't
need a practice run.
He is gonna be a great
dad to a baby Buckley.
Hey. where'd Bobby
go? He kick off early?
No. he's still working.
I don't see them!
Watch your step!
Look! Over there
in the distance!
Hey!
Down here!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
They can't see us.
The beam's too weak.
Wait here.
Down here!
Go back! Over there! Go back!
Found them!
We got 'em! Right there!
Wasn't expecting
to see you. Captain.
Well. I heard you needed a ride.
Dispatch. this is 727-L-30.
Rescue has arrived.
I think this is your call.
You sure?
Just remember what I
said. You're the lifeline.
Copy that. 727-L-30.
Glad to hear you're okay.
Glad to hear you too. Dispatch.
Thanks for coming to get me.
Always.
What's this?
We wanted to celebrate
your first day back at work.
What a nice surprise.
Turns out. you were the
one with the real surprise.
You know. so much for desk duty.
I almost had a
desk fall on my head.
All right. well. these
are almost done.
I just need to grab a
salad from the kitchen.
I got it.
How are you doing?
We both had a hell of a day.
Yeah. it was crazy.
It takes its toll.
I wish I could say it
gets easier. but it doesn't.
You know. no one would fault you
if you decided to walk away.
Especially after
the day you had.
You think I'm going to quit?
- That I can't hack it?
- I know you're capable.
I just hoped you
come to your senses.
I know you don't understand why.
You're right. I don't.
You were looking forward to USC.
You were gonna major in
prelaw. maybe journalism.
You had plans.
Then all of a sudden...
You got hurt.
Plans changed.
I took the job because of you.
- What?
- This last year.
Dad's brain tumor.
you almost dying.
Then everything
else in the world?
I couldn't control any of it.
And the thought of
you going back out there
- on the streets?
- May.
I've been a cop for 30 years.
I know how to do this job.
You do not have
to worry about me.
But I do.
You take crazy
risks with your life.
I'm a police officer. It
comes with the territory.
And that's why I took this job.
So when you go out there.
you'll never have
to be alone again.
Albert.
You can't just keep leaving
your stuff laying around.
You're not Albert.
No.
I'm...
Wow.
You're so...
Pregnant.
Yeah. on the video chat.
it didn't... it didn't
seem soso real.
So what are you doing here?
I'm home.
If you still want me here.
I do.
But why now?
I mean. nothing's changed.
The world is still the same.
Yeah. but I think maybe
what needs to change is me.
You make me so happy.
You and this baby.
Maybe a little too
happy because...
See. I've been so worried
that something terrible
was gonna happen.
- so I just...
- Ran.
I got scared.
I'm so sorry.
I'm scared too.
So let's try being
scared together.
Welcome home.
All right. well. we
better get going.
David is gonna be
home from his shift soon.
Already?
Why don't we let
Harry stay here tonight?
I can pick him up tomorrow
morning before school.
- Are you sure?
- I'm sure you're missing him.
Is everything okay with David?
Okay. you don't have
to keep being polite.
Okay. I know you think
that we went COVID crazy
with David moving in so fast.
Well. look. it
just... it felt right.
You know. no wasting time.
That is not what I meant.
I'm happy for you.
You deserve someone
like David in your life.
I mean. I'm glad
you found each other.
Thank you.
That that means a lot.
But the man looks tired.
Tell him to get some rest.
People who love each other
are always connected
by an invisible string
made of love.
Carla. do you have
an invisible string?
You know I do.
And it's connected right to you.
Even if I can't see you?
You can see me any time you want
on the computer.
See. me and you?
We're connected.
No matter what.
Hey.
How's the ER?
Better than yesterday.
How was dinner at Athena's?
She thinks you're not
getting enough sleep.
As they slept. they
started dreaming
of all the invisible
strings they had.
and all the strings
their friends have.
and their friends have.
until everyone in the world
was connected
by invisible strings.
Night. boys.
How do I look?
Like the sexy doctor you are.
I'm not a doctor yet.
It's just orientation.
Here. Mama. For your first day.
Are you sure?
I thought it was your favorite.
You borrow for luck.
For luck.
I'm gonna need all
the luck I can get.
And a hug.
Okay. You're gonna crush it.
Here's hoping.
Welcome. new medical students.
I am your professor.
Hope you're ready for...
So how do the uncles
like living together?
Buck has a lot of rules.
Are you really complaining
that I said we're gonna
split chores evenly?
Hate to break it to you.
Albert doesn't do chores.
I contribute in other ways.
- I make a great cup of coffee.
- I can attest to that.
I thought you're not
supposed to be drinking coffee.
It's one cup a day.
people. Back off.
Ooh. sorry. Gotta go.
And you know what.
stop being so secretive
about your new lady friend.
I wanna meet her!
Good morning. Evan. How are you?
Hey. Dr. Copeland.
I'm doing good.
I've actually been...
been thinking a lot
about what you said
in our last session.
and how I hide my true
feelings from others.
I'm starting to think
you might be right.
Okay. Let's start there.
What? What? What? What?
I think someone wants
to say "good morning."
Hi.
It's your dad.
I'm here.
I'm right here.
Ooh.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm